Headless login flow updates (#1811)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/administration/custom-idps/custom-idps/index.md

You can retrieve all your identity provider's unique IDs by running `chainctl iam identity-providers list`.

Note that you can also use the [`--headless` option](/chainguard/administration/iam-organizations/overview-of-chainguard-iam-model/#using-the-headless-login-flow) to log in with a custom IDP in an environment that doesn't have a browser installed, such as a container or a remote server. By including this option, `chainctl` will output a special URL. You can then navigate to the URL in another device's browser to log in with your custom IDP.

To log in with a custom IDP using the `--headless` option, you would run a command like the following:

```sh
chainctl auth login --headless --identity-provider=$IDP_ID
```

> Then you can use the URL in this command's output to complete the login flow  another device's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can use the URL in this command's output to complete the login flow from another device's browser.
```

> > **Note**: As of this writing (September 2024), using the headless login flow with a custom IDP is still an experimental feature. Please reach out to us through [our support portal](https://support.chainguard.dev/hc/en-us/) to report any feedback. Also, until this feature becomes enabled by default, you must enable it yourself with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: As of this writing (September 2024), using the headless login flow with a custom IDP is still an experimental feature. Please reach out to us through your customer success manager or the support portal to report any feedback. Also, until this feature becomes enabled by default, you must enable it yourself with the following command:
```
